# # InventoryItemWithSkuLocale

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**availability** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Availability**](Availability.md) |  | [optional]
**condition** | **string** | This enumeration value indicates the condition of the item. Supported item condition values will vary by eBay site and category. To see which item condition values that a particular eBay category supports, use the getItemConditionPolicies method of the Metadata API. This method returns condition ID values that map to the enumeration values defined in the ConditionEnum type. The Item condition ID and name values topic in the Selling Integration Guide has a table that maps condition ID values to ConditionEnum values. The getItemConditionPolicies call reference page has more information. A condition value is optional up until the seller is ready to publish an offer with the SKU, at which time it becomes required for most eBay categories. Note: The &#39;Manufacturer Refurbished&#39; item condition is no longer a valid item condition on any eBay marketplace, and to reflect this change, the MANUFACTURER_REFURBISHED value is no longer applicable, and should not be used. With Version 1.13.0, the CERTIFIED_REFURBISHED enumeration value has been introduced, and CR-eligible sellers should make a note to start using CERTIFIED_REFURBISHED from this point forward. For the time being, if the MANUFACTURER_REFURBISHED enum is used for any of the SKUs in a bulkCreateOrReplaceInventoryItem method, it will be accepted but automatically converted by eBay to CERTIFIED_REFURBISHED. To list an item as &#39;Certified Refurbished&#39;, a seller must be pre-qualified by eBay for this feature. Any seller who is not eligible for this feature will be blocked if they try to create a new listing or revise an existing listing with this item condition. Any seller that is interested in eligibility requirements to list with &#39;Certified Refurbished&#39; should see the Certified refurbished program page in Seller Center. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/inventory/types/slr:ConditionEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**condition_description** | **string** | This string field is used by the seller to more clearly describe the condition of a used inventory item, or an inventory item whose condition value is not NEW, LIKE_NEW, NEW_OTHER, or NEW_WITH_DEFECTS. The conditionDescription field is available for all eBay categories. If the conditionDescription field is used with an item in one of the new conditions (mentioned in previous paragraph), eBay will simply ignore this field if included, and eBay will return a warning message to the user. This field should only be used to further clarify the condition of the used item. It should not be used for branding, promotions, shipping, returns, payment or other information unrelated to the condition of the used item. Make sure that the condition value, condition description, listing description, and the item&#39;s pictures do not contradict one another. This field is not always required, but is required if an inventory item is being updated and a condition description already exists for that inventory item. This field is returned in the getInventoryItem, bulkGetInventoryItem, and getInventoryItems calls if a condition description was provided for a used inventory item. Max Length: 1000. | [optional]
**locale** | **string** | This field is for future use only. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/inventory/types/slr:LocaleEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**package_weight_and_size** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Inventory\Model\PackageWeightAndSize**](PackageWeightAndSize.md) |  | [optional]
**product** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Product**](Product.md) |  | [optional]
**sku** | **string** | This is the seller-defined SKU value of the product that will be listed on the eBay site (specified in the marketplaceId field). Only one offer (in unpublished or published state) may exist for each sku/marketplaceId/format combination. This field is required. Max Length: 50 | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
