# # ListingPolicies

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**best_offer_terms** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Inventory\Model\BestOffer**](BestOffer.md) |  | [optional]
**e_bay_plus_if_eligible** | **bool** | This field is included in an offer and set to true if a Top-Rated seller is opted in to the eBay Plus program. With the eBay Plus program, qualified sellers must commit to next-day delivery of the item, and the buyers must have an eBay Plus subscription to be eligible to receive the benefits of this program, which are free, next-day delivery, as well as free returns. Currently, this program is only available on the Germany and Australian sites. This field will be returned in the getOffer and getOffers calls if set for the offer. | [optional]
**fulfillment_policy_id** | **string** | This unique identifier indicates the fulfillment listing policy that will be used once an offer is published and converted to an eBay listing. This fulfillment listing policy will set all fulfillment-related settings for the eBay listing. Listing policies are not immediately required for offers, but are required before an offer can be published. The seller should review the fulfillment listing policy before assigning it to the offer to make sure it is compatible with the inventory item and the offer settings. The seller may also want to review the shipping service costs in the fulfillment policy, and that seller might decide to override the shipping costs for one or more shipping service options by using the shippingCostOverrides container. Listing policies can be created and managed in My eBay or with the Account API. To get a list of all return policies associated with a seller&#39;s account on a specific eBay Marketplace, use the Account API&#39;s getFulfillmentPolicies call. There are also calls in the Account API to retrieve a fulfillment policy by policy ID or policy name. This field will be returned in the getOffer and getOffers calls if set for the offer. | [optional]
**payment_policy_id** | **string** | This unique identifier indicates the payment listing policy that will be used once an offer is published and converted to an eBay listing. This payment listing policy will set all payment-related settings for the eBay listing. Listing policies are not immediately required for offers, but are required before an offer can be published. The seller should review the payment listing policy before assigning it to the offer, as the following must be true for the payment listing policy to be compatible with the offer: The marketplaceId value should reflect where the offer is being published The immediatePay field value must be set to true since Inventory API offers only support immediate payment The only specified payment method should be &#39;PayPal&#39;, since immediate payment requires &#39;PayPal&#39;Listing policies can be created and managed in My eBay or with the Account API. To get a list of all payment policies associated with a seller&#39;s account on a specific eBay Marketplace, use the Account API&#39;s getPaymentPolicies call. There are also calls in the Account API to retrieve a payment policy by policy ID or policy name. This field will be returned in the getOffer and getOffers calls if set for the offer. | [optional]
**return_policy_id** | **string** | This unique identifier indicates the return listing policy that will be used once an offer is published and converted to an eBay listing. This return listing policy will set all return policy settings for the eBay listing. Listing policies are not immediately required for offers, but are required before an offer can be published. The seller should review the return listing policy before assigning it to the offer to make sure it is compatible with the inventory item and the offer settings. Listing policies can be created and managed in My eBay or with the Account API. To get a list of all return policies associated with a seller&#39;s account on a specific eBay Marketplace, use the Account API&#39;s getReturnPolicies call. There are also calls in the Account API to retrieve a return policy by policy ID or policy name. This field will be returned in the getOffer and getOffers calls if set for the offer. | [optional]
**shipping_cost_overrides** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Inventory\Model\ShippingCostOverride[]**](ShippingCostOverride.md) | This container is used if the seller wishes to override the shipping costs or surcharge for one or more domestic or international shipping service options defined in the fulfillment listing policy. To override the costs of a specific domestic or international shipping service option, the seller must know the priority/order of that shipping service in the fulfillment listing policy. The name of a shipping service option can be found in the shippingOptions.shippingServices.shippingServiceCode field of the fulfillment policy, and the priority/order of that shipping service option is found in the shippingOptions.shippingServices.sortOrderId field. Both of these values can be retrieved by searching for that fulfillment policy with the getFulfillmentPolicies or getFulfillmentPolicyByName calls of the Account API. The shippingCostOverrides.priority value should match the shippingOptions.shippingServices.sortOrderId in order to override the shipping costs for that shipping service option. The seller must also ensure that the shippingServiceType value is set to DOMESTIC to override a domestic shipping service option, or to INTERNATIONAL to override an international shipping service option. A separate ShippingCostOverrides node is needed for each shipping service option whose costs are being overridden. All defined fields of the shippingCostOverrides container should be included, even if the shipping costs and surcharge values are not changing. The shippingCostOverrides container is returned in the getOffer and getOffers calls if one or more shipping cost overrides are being applied to the fulfillment policy. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
